People can judge me for what I've done. And I think when somebody's out in the public eye, that's what they do. So I'm fully comfortable with who I am, what I stand for, and what I've always stood for.
If a country doesn't recognize minority rights and human rights, including women's rights, you will not have the kind of stability and prosperity that is possible.
Let's continue to stand up for those who are vulnerable to being left out or marginalized.
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Forgiveness is a way of opening up the doors again and moving forward, whether it's a personal life or a national life.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
We need more good jobs that reward hard work with rising wages, dignity, and a ladder to a better life.
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
There is no formula that I'm aware of for being a successful or fulfilled woman today.
Dignity does not come from avenging insults, especially from violence that can never be justified. It comes from taking responsibility and advancing our common humanity.
What we have to do... is to find a way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
As I speak to you today, government censors somewhere are working furiously to erase my words from the records of history. But history itself has already condemned these tactics.
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
We're always going to argue about abortion. It's a hard choice and it's controversial, and that's why I'm pro-choice, because I want people to make their own choices.
There's a difference between fair game and playing games.
I think the world would be a lot better off if more people were to define themselves in terms of their own standards and values and not what other people said or thought about them.
I mean, honestly, we have to be clear that the life for many Afghan women is not that much different than it was a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. The country has lived with so much violence and conflict that many people, men and women, just want it to be over.
If you're not comfortable with public speaking - and nobody starts out comfortable; you have to learn how to be comfortable - practice. I cannot overstate the importance of practicing. Get some close friends or family members to help evaluate you, or somebody at work that you trust.
I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas.
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.
I feel very blessed to have a partner in life who supports me, who is enthusiastic about what I want to do, who has been a great father, and who will be a fabulous grandfather.
When does life start? When does it end? Who makes these decisions?... Every day, in hospitals and homes and hospices... people are struggling with those profound issues.
Extremism thrives amid ignorance and anger, intimidation and cowardice.
My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it.
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.
I like live audiences, with real people - virtual reality is no substitute.
People can judge me for what I've done. And I think when somebody's out in the public eye, that's what they do. So I'm fully comfortable with who I am, what I stand for, and what I've always stood for.
If a country doesn't recognize minority rights and human rights, including women's rights, you will not have the kind of stability and prosperity that is possible.
Let's continue to stand up for those who are vulnerable to being left out or marginalized.
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Forgiveness is a way of opening up the doors again and moving forward, whether it's a personal life or a national life.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
We need more good jobs that reward hard work with rising wages, dignity, and a ladder to a better life.
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
There is no formula that I'm aware of for being a successful or fulfilled woman today.
Dignity does not come from avenging insults, especially from violence that can never be justified. It comes from taking responsibility and advancing our common humanity.
What we have to do... is to find a way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
As I speak to you today, government censors somewhere are working furiously to erase my words from the records of history. But history itself has already condemned these tactics.
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
We're always going to argue about abortion. It's a hard choice and it's controversial, and that's why I'm pro-choice, because I want people to make their own choices.
There's a difference between fair game and playing games.
I think the world would be a lot better off if more people were to define themselves in terms of their own standards and values and not what other people said or thought about them.
I mean, honestly, we have to be clear that the life for many Afghan women is not that much different than it was a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. The country has lived with so much violence and conflict that many people, men and women, just want it to be over.
If you're not comfortable with public speaking - and nobody starts out comfortable; you have to learn how to be comfortable - practice. I cannot overstate the importance of practicing. Get some close friends or family members to help evaluate you, or somebody at work that you trust.
I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas.
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.
I feel very blessed to have a partner in life who supports me, who is enthusiastic about what I want to do, who has been a great father, and who will be a fabulous grandfather.
When does life start? When does it end? Who makes these decisions?... Every day, in hospitals and homes and hospices... people are struggling with those profound issues.
Extremism thrives amid ignorance and anger, intimidation and cowardice.
My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it.
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.
I like live audiences, with real people - virtual reality is no substitute.
Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
You know, I think of the global economy as an inverted triangle, resting on the shoulders of the American consumer. And if the American consumer cannot have enough disposable income in order to maintain a standard of living that creates more opportunities generation after generation, that's bad for everybody.
I will not comment on or confirm what are alleged to be stolen State Department cables. But I can say that the United States deeply regrets the disclosure of any information that was intended to be confidential, including private discussions between counterparts or our diplomats' personal assessments and observations.
I will read anything by Laura Hillenbrand, Walter Isaacson, Barbara Kingsolver, John le Carre, John Grisham, Hilary Mantel, Toni Morrison, Anna Quindlen and Alice Walker.
It's impossible to know what happens in the fog of war.
Voting is the most precious right of every citizen, and we have a moral obligation to ensure the integrity of our voting process.
Let's not leave an educational vacuum to be filled by religious extremists who go to families who have no other option and offer meals, housing and some form of education. If we are going to combat extremism then we must educate those very same children.
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.
There's a certain consistency to who I am and what I do, and I think people have finally said, 'Well, you know, I kinda get her now.' I've actually had people say that to me.
The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become cynical about the future and lose hope.
You know, everybody has setbacks in their life, and everybody falls short of whatever goals they might set for themselves. That's part of living and coming to terms with who you are as a person.
In the Bible it says they asked Jesus how many times you should forgive, and he said 70 times 7. Well, I want you all to know that I'm keeping a chart.
There are 4 billion cell phones in use today. Many of them are in the hands of market vendors, rickshaw drivers, and others who've historically lacked access to education and opportunity. Information networks have become a great leveler, and we should use them together to help lift people out of poverty and give them a freedom from want.
Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom.
Everybody feels they have been trespassed upon, and nearly everybody has trespassed on somebody else, maybe not intentionally.
The candidates we have in this campaign are... the most accomplished, in terms of public service, that we've had since 1960. One of them will be successful.
Whether a woman's running for office or she's supporting her husband who's running for office and she gets criticised for wearing open-toed shoes or for the colour of her coat, there's just a lot of history that you bear if you are a woman who puts herself out in the political arena.
I don't have any comment on who the people of Russia choose to be their leaders.
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.
I used to sit on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue and wonder why the Senate was always going into recess, until in my first year I realized how intense the pressure was.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think that's certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world.
Women standing up for each other is critically important.
Showing up is not all of life - but it counts for a lot.
It is a fact that around the world the elites of every country are making money.
I always run inclusive and successful organisations.
The truth is that sometimes it is hard even for me to recognize the Hillary Clinton that other people see.
There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out.
I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigration.
At the end of the day, you know, love does not happen between two perfect people as much as we would wish.
If you can't compete fairly, honestly, effectively, no government should intervene. Now, some governments do. They prop up failing industries.
Going out and playing football or baseball with the boys, when I was a tomboy, was a great way to learn about winning and losing, and most girls didn't have that experience.
I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see one's face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.
When women participate in peace-making and peace-keeping, we are all safer and more secure.
Many of you are well enough off that the tax cuts may have helped you. We're saying that for America to get back on track, we're probably going to cut that short and not give it to you. We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good.
The First Lady role is really difficult. It has no job description... You have to create it for yourself.
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.
You show people what you're willing to fight for when you fight your friends.
My wish for the new millennium is for all children... to grow up wiser, and stronger and more prosperous for the future than ever before.
I can't stand whining.
Probably my worst quality is that I get very passionate about what I think is right.
One of my goals upon becoming Secretary of State was to take diplomacy out of capitals, out of government offices, into the media, into the streets of countries.
I think that you can disagree with people and debate over their positions with issues without engaging in the politics of personal destruction.
My feeling is if you're going to be a leader, you have to carefully assess where people are and where people want to go.
I, for one, respect those who believe with all their hearts and conscience that there are no circumstances under which any abortion should ever be available.
Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - it's kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about.
Well I think in a marriage you have to be honest and ask yourself, you know, what is my role? What is my responsibility?
You know, my view is that we have a big world out there.
If you get so unequal that people believe they don't have a chance, that the field isn't level for them and their children, that puts democracy at risk.
Gay rights are human rights.
You can go into neighborhoods in the United States where people dress a certain way because they don't want to be out of touch, where boys wear pants down to their knees, which nobody has compelled them to do but they pick up the cultural norms, or where girls are improperly dressed by my eyes, but that's what they see in the media.
There are rich people everywhere, and yet they don't contribute to the growth of their countries.
The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.
Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights.
I'm too old to be a yuppie.
I learned some valuable lessons about the legislative process, the importance of bipartisan cooperation and the wisdom of taking small steps to get a big job done.
I believe in transparency.
You feel sometimes when you hear analysts and knowledgeable people talking about Iran that they fear so much about the survival of the regime, because deep down it's not a legitimate regime, it doesn't represent the will of the people, it's kind of morphed into kind of a military theocracy.
I believe in delegating power.
My overall goal is to level the playing field for American businesses.
We'll hold out our hand; they have to unclench their fist.
When a new president comes in, a new president gets to clean house.
The United States, obviously, has a great interest in helping to maintain peace and security in Europe, and we have a formal alliance, NATO, to do so.
I've never understood the division between so-called realists and so-called idealists.
Every nation has to either be with us, or against us. Those who harbor terrorists, or who finance them, are going to pay a price.
I feel very lucky because of my parents and then my education, the opportunities that I've had, so I would like to continue working to improve lives for others.
If you believe you can make a difference, not just in politics, in public service, in advocacy around all these important issues, then you have to be prepared to accept that you are not going to get 100 percent approval.
The need for peace in Northern Ireland goes well beyond political stability. It now speaks to regional Europe and even global stability.
When I was growing up, my parents always told me that I had to do what I thought was right and not listen to other people. That was hard for me.
The American people are tired of liars and people who pretend to be something they're not.
You have to test your ideas in a public forum.
I think that if you live long enough, you realize that so much of what happens in life is out of your control, but how you respond to it is in your control. That's what I try to remember.
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.
I have a lot of stamina and I have a lot of resilience.
I don't think feminism, as I understand the definition, implies the rejection of maternal values, nurturing children, caring about the men in your life. That is just nonsense to me.
When I was younger and women first started to get in public positions, in my case the law, we went through a period where we wore those little ribbon ties, little bows. We tried to figure out what was our appropriate dress.
Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly.
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst.
I fought all my life for women to make their own choices, in their personal and professional lives. I made mine.
I think I'm chronically exhausted.
I try to read for pleasure whenever I can - it's a great way just to shut it off for a while so your brain doesn't get fried.
I've often thought that the gauntlet of American politics is more individualistic, more expensive, more unpredictable than in many other democracies.
Look at climate change; don't put your head in the sand. Understand that it is going to have profound effects on our resources and so much else.
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.
Wealthy women have rights in every country. And poor women don't.
For centuries, New York has served as the gateway for millions of people from all over the world in search of the American dream. It only makes sense that it would now serve as a gateway for the world's greatest athletes.
Now, I have always believed that women are not victims; we are agents of change, we are drivers of progress, we are makers of peace - all we need is a fighting chance.
The United States strongly condemns the illegal disclosure of classified information. It puts people's lives in danger, threatens our national security, and undermines our efforts to work with other countries to solve shared problems.
We have a close, unshakable bond between the United States and Israel, and between the American and Israeli people. We share common values and a commitment to a democratic future for the world, and we are both committed to a two-state solution. But that doesn't mean that we're going to agree.
When I chose to leave a career as a young lawyer in Washington to move to Arkansas to marry Bill and start a family, my friends asked, 'Are you out of your mind?'
Everyone can change.
Hard men present hard choices - none more so than Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia.
I think it's fair to say that diplomacy today requires much more of that if you're the United States of America than it did 10, 20, 30, 40 years ago.
It's true that America can't solve every problem, but I don't know of any major problem in the world that can be solved without us.
Look, I'm outspoken.
One of the things I have been preaching around the world is collecting taxes in an equitable manner, especially from the elites.
The Arctic is going to be an area of intense interest. Russia has the longest coastline in the world with the Arctic.
There is nothing fast or easy about diplomacy. I have no illusions about that.
You're not a leader if you haven't been elected.
Don't let anybody tell you it's corporations and businesses create jobs. You know that old theory, 'trickle-down economics.' That has been tried, that has failed. It has failed rather spectacularly.
America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I'm better because of his friendship.
Struggles do not end when countries attempt the transition to democracy.
We have to knock down the barriers erected by greed, special interests, powerful forces.
I just think that giving a child a chance and sharing what you have with a child is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, as well as a child.
You have to be true to yourself.
Great nations need organizing principles, and 'Don't do stupid stuff' is not an organizing principle.
I have not supported same-sex marriage. I have supported civil partnerships and contractual relationships.
Sometimes, in public life, people ask inappropriate, off-the-wall kinds of questions, don't they?
And to all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you. Your cause is our cause. Our country needs your ideas, energy, and passion. That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America. We wrote it together - now let's go out and make it happen together.
Now there is a new request. To release transcripts of speeches that were given. When everybody agrees to do that, I will as well. It is important we all abide by the same standards. So let's do the tax return standard first, because that has been the standard for a long time.
I've spent so many years commuting, I kind of prefer a home office.
People have to stop employing illegal immigrants.
I also believe that we have an extraordinary opportunity for the United States and European Union to lead the world in developing and implementing new and more efficient technologies - smart electrical grids and electrical vehicles.
This is what we call smart power. Using every possible tool and partner to advance peace and security. Leaving no one on the sidelines. Showing respect even for one's enemies. Trying to understand, in so far as psychologically possible, empathize with their perspective and point of view. Helping to define the problems, determine the solutions.
I want to work with my husband and my daughter on our mutual foundation interests.
I have to defend my husband.
I always supported the women I worked with having time off to go to parent-teacher conferences and doctors' appointments or bringing their infants into the office.
The first lesson I've learned is that no matter what you do in your life, you have to figure out your own internal rhythms - I mean, what works for you doesn't necessarily work for your friend.
The importance of building relationships among colleagues, of trying to create coalitions behind the issues that you are championing, was not something I ever had much insight into until I was elected and started serving in the Senate.
I think I will serve as secretary of state as my last public position.
I was not going to attack Palin just for being a woman appealing for support from other women.
I believe that eventually, one of the next big issues that will have to be addressed globally is the role of state-owned enterprises. Because there is a disadvantage that's built in.
I would be delighted if the United States could have a positive relationship with Russia, and I would be thrilled if the Russian people, who are so capable, had a normal country that they could chart a different future.
American politics is always an open competition.
And we'll build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy!
I can't drive anymore.
I don't think we should be about the business of denying voters in Michigan and Florida the right to be heard.
There's no day that is the same as the day before. So you have to be energized; you have to be focused.
I'll work to ensure that every single refugee who seeks asylum in the United States has a fair chance to tell his or her story. This is the least we can offer people fleeing persecution and devastation.
Twenty years ago, I wrote a book called 'It Takes a Village.' And a lot of people looked at the title and asked, 'What the heck do you mean by that?' This is what I mean. None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.
I've never understood multi-party democracy. It's hard enough with two parties.
All of us have to recognize that we owe our children more than we have been giving them.
Every marriage is a mystery to me, even the one I'm in. So I'm no expert on it.
You cannot have development in today's world without partnering with the private sector.
Being gay is not a Western invention. It is a human reality.
Democracy is still a radical idea in a world where we often confuse images with realities, words with actions.
Egypt is a large, complex, very important country.
Every president, if you watch what they look like when they come into office, you can see their hair turn white because it's such a hard job.
I am neither frustrated nor planning anything other than being the best Secretary of State I could be.
I believe in a zone of privacy.
I don't think that strategically it is smart to begin cutting your options when the other side does not move at all.
I mean, I'm a big believer in talking to people when you can and trying to solve problems when you can.
I want to teach. I want to speak. I want to travel.
I wish I were taller and thinner but the hair you can do something about.
I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president.
I'm one of those people who thinks that changing one's hair is the only part of the body that you can change at will.
I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.
Individual consciences are fine but individual consciences have to be made manifest.
It should never be a crime to be gay.
My father was a small-businessman, and if he didn't get up and go to work, there would be no business.
Of course, parents are the most important people in a child's life.
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means.
'Smart power' is the use of American power in ways that would help prevent and resolve conflict - not just send our military in.
The nuclear arsenal that Pakistan has, I believe is secure. I think the government and the military have taken adequate steps to protect that.
The Russians and the Chinese have been absolutely clear they don't want to see Iran with a nuclear weapon.
To me you cannot be fully human, fully civilised, unless you recognise humanity in everyone.
Today we voted as Democrats and Republicans. Tomorrow we begin again as New Yorkers.
When I became secretary of state, I felt one of my primary jobs was building relationships around the world.
You can't just give a speech and expect people to fall down and agree with you.
I don't think the Egyptian people want to see what is a very clear effort to obtain political and economic rights turn into any kind of new form of oppression or suppression or violence or letting loose criminal elements.
In nearly every religion I am aware of, there is a variation of the golden rule. And even for the non-religious, it is a tenet of people who believe in humanistic principles.
In the aftermath of September 11, and as the 9/11 Commission report so aptly demonstrates, it is clear that our intelligence system is not working the way that it should.
One day after laying a wreath at the tomb of Martin Luther King Jr., President Bush appoints a federal judge who has built his career around dismantling Dr. King's legacy.
The American taxpayer should not be treated more shabbily than debtors from other nations and we should be encouraging other nations to help rebuild Iraq's economy.
We would very much like to see Iran take a position as a responsible leader that doesn't intimidate or threaten or scare its neighbors and others. But the choice is really up to Iran and we're going to keep working to try to come out with the right decision.
I don't think about a legacy; I think about my life, because I've had quite an unpredictable life.
I learned to be far more skeptical of what I'm told by presidents, no matter who the presidents are, and also to be much more cautious, always, in any action or vote that could lead to the use of American military power and most particularly what we call 'boots on the ground.'
Cooking, decorating, diet/self-help and gardening books are guilty pleasures and useful time fillers.
Dynamism is a function of change.
Europe is a miracle.
George W. Bush is very popular in Sub-Saharan Africa. Why? Because of PEPFAR, the President's Emergency Program for AIDS Relief.
I am 100% in the camp that says forgiveness is mostly about the forgiver.
I am not going to comment on what I did or did not say back in the late '90s.
I can't stand the kind of paralysis that some people fall into because they're not happy with the choices they've made.
I certainly don't read coverage of me, I read what else is going on that I need to know about to do my job.
I don't think I've read any of the books that have been written about me.
I drink tons of water. Just as much water as I can possibly drink.
I feel like every day, every minute I have to make the most of.
I have won elections and I have lost elections.
I helped to restore America's leadership.
I love New York.
I meet with people all day long.
I sometimes think that I didn't leave the Republican Party, as much as it left me.
I think I'm very hardheaded.
I want to make a difference.
I was in civil society long before I was ever in politics or my husband was ever even elected president.
I wish I had some stock in a scrunchie company.
I'll get involved in philanthropy.
I'm in charge of the State Department's 60,000-plus people all over the world, 275 posts.
I've always been intrigued by the Senate, and admired many of the people who have served there.
I've been really at the highest levels of American political life.
In every country today, there is politics. It may be authoritarian politics, but there is politics.
It is very clear that the people in Afghanistan do not want the Taliban back.
My father was raised with brothers, he was a football player and a boxer, he was a chief petty officer in the Navy, he was a man of his times.
No nation can meet the world's challenges alone.
Now I know that Wal-Mart's policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America.
One of the great things about my mother is she really valued people's character more than what they did.
Part of diplomacy is to open different definitions of self-interest.
Putin is playing the long game. He has a strategic plan in mind: the Eurasian Union, which would be in competition to Europe.
The people of New York took a big chance on me. And I'm well aware of that.
There hasn't been anybody whose life has been picked apart and distorted as much as mine.
There is a hunger for the United States to be present again.
This is a moment in history where it is almost hard to catch your breath.
We know in New York we have several million at any one time who are in New York illegally.
Well, I think both Russia and China have a very strong aversion to interference in internal affairs.
Well, I think, by definition, all power has limits.
What I found when I became Secretary of State was a lot of doubts and a lot of concerns and fears from friends, allies, around the world.
When an army unit returns from service in Iraq or Afghanistan, it barely gets a breather before it begins training for its next deployment.
When I negotiated the ceasefire in Gaza with President Morsi, he was, you know, very involved.
You don't make peace with your friends. That's the bottom line. You end conflicts by trying to find some political resolution.
You know no one will ever accuse me as having the same policies as George W. Bush.
You know, one of the things my husband says when people say 'Well, what did you bring to Washington,' he said, 'Well, I brought arithmetic.'
You know, people make a lot of money talking about me, don't they?
A nuclear-weapons armed Iran is not in anyone's human-rights interests. That is a direct threat to the lives and the livelihoods and the stability not only of the region but beyond.
A psychologist once told me that for a boy being in the middle of a conflict between two women is the worst possible situation. There's always a desire to please each one.
Americans deserve to feel secure in their own lives, in their own middle-class aspirations, before you go to them and say, 'We're going to have to enforce navigable sea lanes in the South China Sea.'
China is starting an English-speaking television network around the world, Russia is, Al Jazeera. And the BBC is cutting back on its many language services around the world.
Countries that will not tax their elite who expect us to come in and help them serve their people are just not going to get the kind of help from us that historically they may have.
Egypt has been a partner of the United States over the last 30 years, has been instrumental in keeping the peace in the Middle East between Egypt and Israel, which is a critical accomplishment that has meant so much to so many people.
I am shocked at how much time I spend in the White House. I mean, you know, for people on the outside, the idea of going to the White House for a meeting must seem like the most important, serious, even glamorous kind of thing to do.
I have a lot of reason to believe, as we saw in the 2012 election, most Americans don't agree with the extremists on any side of an issue, but there needs to continue to be an effort to find common ground, or even take it to higher ground on behalf of the future.
I really get up every day and try to deal with the problems that are in front of me, and I don't really worry about history. That will work itself out over time.
I think every election is sui generis. I think it starts with where we are in the country at this time, with what Americans are thinking, feeling and hoping, and it proceeds from there. And it is always about the future.
I think that we have to be constantly asking ourselves, 'How do we calculate the risk?' And sometimes we don't calculate it correctly; we either overstate it or understate it.
I thought making speeches for money was a much better thing than getting connected with any one group or company, as so many people who leave public life do.
I'm one of these very focused people when it comes to day-to-day work, and I'm trying not to think about what comes next so that I can stay very focused on what I'm doing now.
I'm somebody who gets up every day and says, 'What am I going to do today, and how am I going to do it?' I think it moves me toward some outcome I'm hoping for and also has some, you know, some joy attached to it.
Iran has basically propped up Assad, who has waged an absolute war of horror against the Syrian people. And he has done anything he could to stay in power with the full support of the Iranians and including Iranian troops and Hezbollah from Lebanon, which are an Iranian proxy.
My biggest, you know, regret is what happened in Benghazi. It was a terrible tragedy losing four Americans - two diplomats and, now it's public so I can say, two CIA operatives.
Now, I know there are many Americans who say, 'Get out of Afghanistan. Bring 'em all home.' And there are others who say, 'Put in hundreds of thousands of more.'
The most important questions for anybody thinking of running for president are not 'Will you run and can you win?' There is, 'What is your vision for America? And can you lead us there?'
There are some people in politics and in the press who can't be confused by the facts. They just will not live in an evidence-based world. And that's regrettable.
When I traveled as secretary of state, I was deluged with thick briefing books full of information about the politics, economy, and culture of each destination, so those took up most of my reading time.
When you're down on yourself, and when you are hunkering down and pulling back, you're not going to make any better decisions than when you were aggressively, belligerently putting yourself forward.
When you're the presidential nominee you get to pick whomever you choose to be on the ticket, and that person gets to say yes or no because, obviously, it's a very important decision.
With respect to Iraq, I did favour the continuity of American forces to work with the new Maliki government. They had enormous needs for intelligence, for training on everything from airplanes to more sophisticated ground equipment and the like.
One of the biggest problems that Egypt faces is the lack of border security - the importation of weapons on their way to Gaza, for example, coming out of Sudan.
I won the youth vote in Massachusetts and in California. I did very well with it in Ohio.
The safe haven that al-Qaida has found in Pakistan is very troubling.
But I can tell you another engine for growth and job creation would be comprehensive immigration reform.
Children today will grow up taking for granted that an African-American or a woman can, yes, become the president of the United States.
Democracies have to be careful that they do not become so process-driven.
Everybody has some dysfunction in their families.
Good grief, we're getting offended by everything these days! People can't say anything without offending somebody.
Hamas, we know, embeds missiles, embeds command-and-control units in civilian areas.
I am repeating the facts and the facts are I did not send nor did I receive material marked classified.
I believe America thrives when the middle class thrives.
I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs.
I don't ask anyone else to live my life. I have enough trouble doing that.
I feel like I have had the most amazing life in my public service.
I get it that some people just don't know what to make of me.
I had a family that supported me.
I happen to have given lots of free speeches.
I have been working or attending school full time since I was 13.
I never thought I would end up being the Senator from New York.
I never thought that the long haired, bearded guy I married in law school would end up being President.
I respect the Congress's oversight responsibility.
I still passionately support comprehensive immigration reform legislation with a path to full and equal citizenship.
I take vitamins.
I've been in the hospital once when I had my daughter, and, oh, when I broke my elbow, but other than that, I've been very fortunate.
In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists.
India has reduced its dependence on Iranian oil. I know their refineries have stopped asking for orders to purchase Iranian oil.
Israel has a right to defend itself.
Most importantly I never sent classified material on my email and I never received any that was marked classified.
My favorite short stories are by Alice Munro, especially her collections 'Carried Away' and 'Runaway.'
Oh, I've never been asked a silly question in my entire life.
Our country's motto is e pluribus unum: out of many, we are one. Will we stay true to that motto?
Remember, before they called it Obamacare, they called it Hillarycare.
Several people have told me that one of the most meaningful events they could attend would be something at the White House with their children.
Sometimes overturning brutal regimes takes time and costs lives. I wish it weren't so. I really, really do.
The truth is, through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part.
There is no part of the world that is irrelevant to the United States anymore.
Well, human security is a concept that I am very committed to enshrining in American foreign policy.
When it comes to the Middle East, this is always a very difficult issue for any American president.
When my hair was shorter, I used to get it done every couple of days... but I got tired of that.
A historic investment in jobs, debt-free college, profit sharing, making those at the top pay their fair share, putting families first in a modern economy and a democracy where working people's voices are actually heard. That is what we are fighting for in this election.
And I believe we should strengthen unions which have formed the bedrock of a strong middle class. It should be easier to bargain collectively. That's not only fair, it makes workers more productive, it strengthens our economy.
And I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans, particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary. You've put economic and social justice issues front and center, where they belong.
And I will repeat today what I have said throughout this campaign. I will not raise taxes on the middle class. I will give you tax relief to help ease these burdens.
I don't think it's at all weakening of the system if people with the same last name put themselves forward to the electorate, when their experiences, their character, and in my case, gender, may be different.
I had a personal email when I was in the Senate, as the vast majority of senators do. It was very convenient. I did all of my business on personal emails.
I have absolutely no interest in running for president again. None. None. I mean, I know that's hard for some people to believe, but, you know, I just don't.
I have known several presidents quite well, including my husband, and I worked closely with President George W. Bush and the White House then after 9/11, and I served with President Obama. I disagree with all three of those presidents on certain things.
I have to tell you, as your Secretary of State, I went to 112 countries, and when people hear those words, they hear America. So don't let anyone tell you that our country is weak. We're not. Don't let anyone tell you we don't have what it takes. We do.
I represented Wall Street, as a senator from New York, and I went to Wall Street in December of 2007 - before the big crash that we had - I basically said, 'Cut it out! Quit foreclosing on homes! Quit engaging in these kinds of speculative behaviors.'
I'm the only candidate which has a policy about how to bring economic opportunity - using clean, renewable energy as the key - into coal country, because we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.
It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.
My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States. From my first day in office to my last, especially in places that for too long have been left out and left behind.
Now, I don't think President Obama and Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving us from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes. Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office.
Now, look, I - I like to look at evidence. I plead to that. I think evidence is important when you're making decisions that affect other people's lives.
One of the reasons this election is so important is because the Supreme Court hangs in the balance. We need to overturn that terrible Supreme Court decision, Citizens United, and then reform our whole campaign finance system.
Remember, the IDF, the Israeli Defense Forces, have a working relationship with the Palestinian Authority security forces, which have been incredibly professional.
The family I'm from, well, no one had their name on big buildings. My family were builders of a different kind. Builders in the way most American families are. They used whatever tools they had - whatever God gave them - and whatever life in America provided - and built better lives and better futures for their kids.
Tonight, tonight we've reached a milestone in our nation's march toward a more perfect union: the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president. Standing here, standing here as my mother's daughter, and my daughter's mother, I'm so happy this day has come.
We are a country where people of all backgrounds, all nations of origin, all languages, all religions, all races, can make a home. America was built by immigrants.
We are still living with a double standard. I know it. Every woman I know knows it, whether you're in the media as a woman, or you're in the professions or business or politics.
We can't go to people who have lost their job at GM and say, 'Oh, by the way, we are going to pay money to build a road here or inoculate children there,' unless we can demonstrate that it is in America's interest. I happen to think it is.
Well, I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans and independents, for the struggling, the striving, the successful, for all those who vote for me and for those who don't. For all Americans together.
When you have armed militants, aided and abetted by a major country like Russia, able to use surface-to-air missiles to bring down a commercial airline, that is a form of terrorism.
You can look at what I did in the Senate. I did introduce legislation to rein in compensation. I looked at ways that the shareholders would have more control over what was going on in that arena. And specifically said to Wall Street, that what they were doing in the mortgage market was bringing our country down.
You know, just to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. They're racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic - you name it.
